Golden Plains 2027 What Goes On Who's Playing The Sup' Golden Plains Nineteen March 6, 7 &amp; 8, 2027 Meredith Supernatural Amphitheatre Ticket Info Get Prepared Every Thing Search for: What Goes On Who's Playing The Sup' GOLD E N PL A I N S NINETEEN Ticket Info Get Prepared Every Thing Enter the ballot Who's Playing? What Goes On + &ndash; Silence Is Golden Pink Flamingo Bar Eric’s Terrace Toucan Bar Electric Possum Bar Bring Your Own Ecoplex Cinema The Meredith Eye CleanUp Song History The Boot Helpers No Dickhead Policy Please Look After Yourself and Others A Potted History of the First Decade Hours of Operation Community Tucker Tent International Food Court Southbank Food Court The Gift Shoppe Heaven Eleven Amphitheatre Furniture Policy Campsite Noise and Nuisance Policy How You Help The District Love Letters The Sup' + &ndash; Accessibility Site Map Sunset Strip The Arch of Love The Rochester SportsField Red Tree Inspiration Point Top Camp Bush Camp South Pines Bluegums Tom Mankeys Outer Space Green Practices Helper Hut Central First Aid Welfare The Nolans - Chris Nolan, Jack & Mary Nolan Wadawurrung Ticket Info + &ndash; Ticket Dates The Ballot Online Sales Become a Subscriber Price Online and Ballot Ticket FAQ Buying or Selling Your Ticket I Wasn't Drawn in The Ballot Ticket Contact Terms and Conditions / T&amp;Cs Delivery / Where Are My Tickets? Kids / All Ages Trespasser Policy Dates and Times Aunty's Last Golden Chance Get Prepared + &ndash; Little Golden Booklet Location Directions Weather What To Bring? Camping Campgrounds Policies Banned Items Gates Times Travel Times Convoy / Reserving Campsites The Supernatural Express Public Transport Chartered and Private Buses Drop Off and Collection Every Thing + &ndash; Artist Application Ask Aunty Meredith Caterer Registration Contact Feedback Funding How To Get Help Lost Property Oslo Emergency Preparedness Subscriber Info Volunteers Search for: BEAM ME UP To the astral plains for GP Nineteen. A surfeit of silliness at the Meredith Supernatural Amphitheatre. The Ballot is now open. ENTER THE BALLOT Enter before 10:19pm AEDT, Monday 12 October. LineUp out in a bit. PLAIN OLD FUN There’s only one type of ticket. Everyone flies first class. All singing, all dancing across two days and two nights of rarified reverie. With no commercial sponsors, free range camping, BYO, the No Dickhead Policy, and One Stage that fits all. WHO’S PLAYING? Ears to the ground, fingers on the tracks, to detect and select the latest and greatest. Heaven-sent and custom-cut with the right sounds at the right time across day and night. Mother nature on the lights. LineUp out in a bit. SIRIUSLY One of the best places on earth to spend a long weekend, the Meredith Supernatural Amphitheatre is purpose-built for serious fun. One stage, spacey space, free-range camping, no curfew, no advertising, the Meredith Eye, the Ecoplex Outdoor Cinema, BYO, abundant food stalls and minimal hassles. 19TH HOLE Every ticket assists regional organisations doing great work in the district. At the festival, eating from the Tucker Tent (and then eating again) helps good things happen for many local groups. We are grateful to the wonderful town of Meredith and surrounding areas who so graciously help host Golden Plains. GOLD STAMP Golden Plains comes stamped with a Lifetime Guarantee. We promise we will continue to listen, fix things if they’re broken, not fix them if they ain’t, and keep on making Golden glow. Write to me about anything, anytime. I hope to enjoy the pleasure of your company this March. Who's Playing Who's Playing What Goes On Pink Flamingo Bar Eric's Terrace Ecoplex Cinema The Boot No Dickhead Policy The Sup' The Rochester The Arch of Love Sunset Strip SportsField Green Practices Ticket Info The Ballot Ticket Dates Online Sales Online and Ballot Ticket FAQ Terms and Conditions Get Prepared Accessibility Site Map What To Bring? The Supernatural Express Directions Every Thing Ask Aunty Meredith Become a Subscriber Contact Volunteers Update My Details Held on Wadawurrung Country, near the fine town of Meredith, in the Shire of Golden Plains, Victoria, Australia. We pay respects to Elders past and present, and extend that respect to all First Nations. &copy; MMF Pty Ltd. Artwork by Clemens Habicht. Website by Open Season &amp; AQS . Photography Credits . Privacy Policy .