Meredith 2026 What Goes On Who's Playing The Sup' Meredith 34 December 11, 12 &amp; 13, 2026 Meredith Supernatural Amphitheatre Ticket Info Get Prepared Every Thing Search for: What Goes On Who's Playing The Sup' Ticket Info Get Prepared Every Thing Enter the Ballot Who's Playing? The Sup' + &ndash; Accessibility Site Map Sunset Strip The Arch of Love The Rochester SportsField Red Tree Inspiration Point Top Camp Bush Camp South Pines Bluegums Tom Mankeys Outer Space Green Practices Helper Hut Central Mulwaverley First Aid Welfare The Nolans / Chris Nolan, Jack &amp; Mary Nolan Wadawurrung What Goes On + &ndash; Silence Wedge Meredith Gift Pink Flamingo Bar Eric’s Terrace Toucan Bar Electric Possum Bar The Sunset Sip Bring Your Own The Meredith Eye Tai Chi – Master Song’s Masterclass Ecoplex Cinema Meredith Sky Show City of Ballarat Municipal Brass Band CleanUp Song History Helpers No Dickhead Policy Please Look After Yourself and Others Tell Us Something We Don’t Know Hours of Operation Community Tucker Tent International Food Court Southbank Food Court The Gift Shoppe Heaven Eleven Amphitheatre Furniture Policy Campsite Noise and Nuisance Policy How You Help The District Love Letters Ticket Info + &ndash; Ticket Dates The Ballot Online Sales Become a Subscriber Price Online and Ballot Ticket FAQ Buying or Selling Your Ticket I Wasn't Drawn in The Ballot Ticket Contact Terms and Conditions / T&amp;Cs Delivery / Where Are My Tickets? Kids / All Ages Companion Card Trespasser Policy Dates and Times Aunty’s Last Chance Get Prepared + &ndash; Location Directions Weather What To Bring? Camping Campgrounds Policies Banned Items Gates Times Travel Times Convoy / Reserving Campsites The Supernatural Express Public Transport Chartered and Private Buses Drop Off and Collection Pocket Companion Every Thing + &ndash; Animal Art Artist Application Ask Aunty Meredith Caterer Registration Contact Feedback Funding How To Get Help Lost Property Emergency Preparedness Subscriber Info Volunteers Enter the Ballot Search for: Puggle Up 34 to the floor. Taking place December 11, 12 &amp; 13, 2026. The Ballot is now open. Enter The Ballot It’s simple to enter, open to all-comers, and the best way to get tickets. Enter before 10:34pm AEST, Monday 10 August. Additionally, Volunteer Applications are open. Who's Playing? Electroreceptors fine-tuned to the freakwency. We look high, low, sideways, longways, behind the curtains, down the drain, under the couch, in the glovebox, over there and all around to find and combine the crackest squad of aural innovators and sonic divinators. On the eternal quest. LineUp out when the Ballot draws. Minimal Hassles An underground wunderland built for the singular purpose of hosting the Time Of Your Life. Featuring a Supernatural Amphitheatre, free range camping, BYO everywhere, permanent showers and composting toilets, abundant food stalls, camping gear hire, and much much more. Plenty of Tassels All singing, all dancing on the same undulation. More giant spikes of excitement than a quill‑covered monotreme. The one and only stage, the No Dickhead Policy, The Gift, Sky Show, Meredith Eye and zero commercial messages. Lifetime Warranty Meredith started in 1991 as a one-time wig out for a coupla hundred fun-loving friends. So much enjoyment was had that it went down again the next year, and the next, and now, thirty-odd years later, Meredith is primed to happen again, down on the Nolan farm. Thanks to all the feedback and ideas from you and your friends, Meredith self‑propagates. We guarantee we will continue to listen, fix things if they don’t work, not fix them if they do, and keep on making it all that it should be. Every ticket includes camping and parking and helps many organisations to do good things in the district . See you in The Sup’, Enter the Ballot Who’s Playing Who's Playing What Goes On Meredith Gift No Dickhead Policy Pink Flamingo Bar Eric’s Terrace Ecoplex Cinema The Sup' The Rochester The Arch of Love Sunset Strip Red Tree Inspiration Point Ticket Info The Ballot Ticket Dates Online Sales Online and Ballot FAQ Terms and Conditions Get Prepared Accessibility What To Bring? The Supernatural Express Site Map Directions Every Thing Ask Aunty Meredith Become a Subscriber Contact Volunteers Update My Details Independent. Since 1991. Held on Wadawurrung Country, near the fine town of Meredith, in the Shire of Golden Plains, Victoria, Australia. We pay respects to Elders past and present, and extend that respect to all First Nations. &copy; MMF Pty Ltd. Artwork by Clemens Habicht . Website by Open Season &amp; AQS . Photography Credits . Privacy Policy .